how's everything did you have fun last
night at the golden boy oh yeah what a
what a wild night was it a wild night
yeah yeah weird yeah yeah it was it was
a different well certainly not her usual
show no Oprah launched her presidential
campaign
I think there's any chance she really
will run for president I don't know I I
think you know we've had some television
people run right no I think that would
be a terrible thing for the country if I
were to be the president I would ruin
things almost immediately but then you
do look at what's going on you go like
oh well maybe I wouldn't be so bad so
she has not discussed perhaps a
running-mate type of situation with you
your endorsement from the stage they
said Tom Hanks and he seemed like ready
to go so yeah I think Tom hey that would
be a formidable pretty good ticket yeah
I think you'd have to go go somebody
outside of Hollywood for the running
mate because I think people could go
it's too much you know how some people
are too many celebrities maybe or you
could just keep it in Hollywood you know
you can have the rock as they you know
joint
Secretary of Defense just on the plane
whenever there's an Air Force one I fly
I saw somebody it said Mariah Carey
stole your seat is that true that
actually happened stole my seat
and there she was you know next to
Spielberg sucking up I see she said oh
my god they made me sit down because you
know we were moving they make you you
know they say five four three two one
wherever you are everybody has to drop
to their you know it's like musical
chairs in a way I kind of in they were
left out but I said no no stay there and
I said I'll sit on your lap because you
know that's an odd thing I mean what do
who else was at your table Spielberg was
at your table yeah and Tom Peter Tom
Hanks yes yeah Kate Capshaw Stacy
Schneider runs Fox Amy Pascal who is the
producer of the post uh-huh
Kristi McCaskill Krieger who's who is
Stephens associate gave him and she's
the producer of the movie with Amy and
they brought it to Stephen so it's a
whole bunch of does anyone eat at this
event is there because I see that their
food nobody really eats the food no the
food is done by the time everybody comes
into the hall it's taken away I see I
read a story and you would know if the
story is true or not that the president
that Trump's team requested a copy of
your movie to screen at Camp David over
the weekend tell me that back in
backstage Josie you don't know anything
about that no but I'm sure I will
[Laughter]
[Applause]
seems like if he had seen it he would
have reacted in some way like you know
yeah unless you like he probably would
really I think he would probably miss
that very patriotic movie intruders yeah
movie yeah so maybe you did like it
didn't see the parallels thanks for
watching if you liked that subscribe to
our YouTube channel for all the latest
videos and if you didn't subscribe
anyway it's free who cares